hey everyone I have a project i want to
share with you i made this video a
couple days ago and i upload it to my
computer it disappeared i don't know
what happened anyway I made a day
planner but here's the cool thing about
the day planner this is an actual
hardcover book that i took the pages out
of and then used a tim holtz ring a
binder ring and turned it into a day
planner I'm just a regular book I got
the idea from a scrapbook magazine i
read was an old magazine Edward a ton of
magazines from some one off ebay a while
back and it was it was a really cool I'd
yet she had to do it basically not hard
he take out the pages to the three god I
say it a bunch of the pages from this
book because it's fun to ink and you die
cut the pages anyway so I'm a daddy
cleaner that i use for i take everywhere
for now that's why the fun has nothing
on it but this nothing except the
coolest paper ever this is from the
graphic 45 basten fashionista collection
you can see it was kind of put it all
around i put this where the
recollections trim here because i didn't
quite do besides right so you saw that
there was some stuff there this was not
even like an old vintage book if it was
you could like you some of the cover was
like a modern book there was never going
to read again and i know i could have
had given in a way but it was also a
historical book but was outdated don't
ask kind of books that we have any way
well probably wasn't interesting to
anybody it was about 2 2004 election
like so beyond that anyway so if anyone
out there says don't take apart books
I'm sorry don't spin its courses i love
what how it came out I you say taken all
book you take the pages out of it and
you put a binder right so this is paper
from
Fritz from Michaels I don't know what
brand it is but so Michaels and it's
just from there their trays the paper
and I made three sections and I took the
what is this this is the tim holtz died
that Ed on the edge and it makes like oh
no no no pages oh no it's ever get
what's called sorry these are more
graphic 45 and this is obviously my to
dupe section in it you'll see and we
actually use it a bunch of all I made a
little pocket here all my to do the
graph paper cause I love writing on
graph paper as everything I need to do
just so from word personal fine then i
made my calendar section paper is from k
and company power able and i like how i
have a bunch of a pers that kind of
match together so recollections flower
from those glass jars this is a baker's
twine but this Baker's twine we have a
bakery that actually uses bakers twine
and we get definitely bakery all the
time so i just saved the Baker's twine
from the bakery and if I ever run out
just ask them for like a little bit more
because we're very friendly with people
who are the only owner so I don't have
less different kaibacorp join I don't
pay for my bench point and it's my
calendar section and I actually made
this you can see this kind of so the
week of and then Monday Tuesday ones in
the weekend together and I do have major
things going on today I'm put like the
details of what's going on I have this
clip Making Memories clip that I put on
the week that it is this was last week
and I can just take it out I don't even
need to put the Clipper clip anyway then
the last says list list list
and this is from the this is from
Michael this is from thee still I kind
of popped up little can't quite tell and
they also found the party bond section
from Kane company and was for like a
shopping list that's more like things i
want to get then i made act you know cat
Kathy orto she's paper phenomena and she
makes these strengths of crazy stuff but
she has this way of making these library
and goods and I took her version and
just customized it for this like I took
her idea and changed a little bit so
here's a pocket I hear the pocket pocket
pocket actually you see I have like oh
that's reason like that's what I reject
response or work another stuff and
here's the back so it's kind of simple
but it's really cool because this is
like book and then i use the tim holtz
binder rings which are very inexpensive
by the way like when you buy them full
price 63 dollars for two of them and i
think that's a really really cool and
stick them in with breath anyway that is
my project and i just kind of put some
ribbon but you don't really need to use
that to close any feel watching anyway i
love it if you have any questions how i
did it let me know but it's a really fun
idea and it really really great holiday
gift or so we'll also all right